sps: Update readme with sections related to connector upgrade and data refresh (#44)
OneIdentity/SafeguardPowerBI: SafeguardSessions/README.md

## Table of Contents

> - [About the project]

Reviewer: I know sections are not final, I just put a mark here so that we don't forget to update the table of contents with the new section(s).

Reviewer: Done.

I cannot find **One Identity Safeguard** under **Home > Get data**.

A) You might have forgotten to enable loading non-certified connectors. Make sure you enable this option described in the [Installation and usage] section.

> B) You have built your Power BI Connector from source code, but it contains error(s).

Author: This is doable. And a little helpful.

> B) You have built your Power BI Connector from source code, but it contains error(s).

Author: Done

I cannot find **One Identity Safeguard** under **Home > Get data**.

> **A)** You might have forgotten to enable loading non-certified connectors. Make sure you enable this option described in the [Installation and usage] section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**A)** You might have forgotten to enable loading non-certified connectors. Make sure you enable this option, as  described in the [Installation and usage] section.
```

Author: Done

> **B)** You have built your Power BI Connector from source code, but it contains error(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**B)** You have built your Power BI Connector from source code, but it contains one or more errors.
```

Author: Done

secure channel."
```

> You might have forgotten to import the CA X.509 certificate of your SPS appliance described in the [Installation and usage] section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You might have forgotten to import the CA X.509 certificate of your SPS appliance, as described in the [Installation and usage] section.
```

Author: Done

secure channel."
```

You might have forgotten to import the CA X.509 certificate of your SPS appliance described in the [Installation and usage] section.

---

If you have successfully upgraded your custom connector and tried to fetch data, but receive the following message, revisit the [Upgrading the Power BI Connector] section.

```

> Your version of the connector (ConnectorVersion) is not compatible with your SPS version (SPSVersion). For a connector version that is compatible with your SPS version, visit the official release page of the connector: https://github.com/OneIdentity/SafeguardPowerBI/releases

Reviewer: One minor nit-pick, I just recognized. If we read the README.md on github (not in raw), we can only read the error message by scrolling right with the slider. I think its a bad user experience in general, so we could break the error message in multiple lines for better readability.

Author: I tried 2 versions. The second one is the winner.

As the view is responsive, scrolling is needed if the page width is too small. But for a desktop browser and FHD resolution, the current separation is good enough.

---

> C) You upgraded your custom connector and tried to fetch data, but got the following message, revisit the [Upgrade] steps.

Author: Done

The Upgrade reference has been renamed and modified. I updated the text accordingly.
`If you have successfully upgraded your custom connector and tried to fetch data, but receive the following message, revisit the [Upgrading the Power BI Connector] section.`

> C) You upgraded your custom connector and tried to fetch data, but got the following message, revisit the [Upgrade] steps.

Reviewer 2: Perfect, thank you!

---

> C) If you have successfully upgraded your custom connector and tried to fetch data, but receive the following message, revisit the [Upgrading the Power BI Connector] section.

Reviewer: Can you separate the new error from the others by putting a new separator line before and after the new error scenario?

If you check, each logically different error is separated by a separator line (`---`). It is more eye-catching if you read the .md file in preview mode of your text editor, or on github:
https://github.com/OneIdentity/SafeguardPowerBI/blob/fix/szekersz/SafeguardSessions/README.md#common-errors

Author: Okay, I get the logic now. I also removed the C enumeration.

> **A) The source IP returned a response with missing fields.**

Author: This case is a bit more complicated as the whole row is bold.

> **A) The source IP returned a response with missing fields.**

Author: Done

Modifications to the Report Template must be listed in the appropriate sections, since they are part of the release.

> ## Upgrade and refresh

Author: I think we should.

But the refreshing process could be moved to a different chapter and we can reference that chapter here.

> ## Upgrade and refresh

Reviewer: Done.

If you are a new user who haven't used the custom connector yet, follow the steps of [Installation and usage].

> You can upgrade to a newer version of the connector, if the version of your SPS is in the list of supported versions on the [Releases] page.

Author: Nice one!

I'll extend it.

> You can upgrade to a newer version of the connector, if the version of your SPS is in the list of supported versions on the [Releases] page.

Reviewer: Done.

### To upgrade the connector

1. Get a connector MEZ file compatible with your SPS version from the [Releases] page, or build it from source code following the steps described in the [Contribution] guide.
2. Copy the file to your `%USERPROFILE%\Documents\Power BI Desktop\Custom Connectors` folder.

> ### To refresh your preloaded data

Reviewer 3: I like it, but agee with moving the error description.

If a section does not have related content, it can be left out.

Modifications to the Report Template are a part of the release, and must be listed in the appropriate sections. To solve the issue, make sure your modifications are listed in the appropriate sections.

## Refreshing your preloaded data

Using a .pbix file, you can refresh your previously downloaded data without having to create a new data source.

If you are a new user and haven't used the custom connector yet, we strongly suggest that you follow the steps of [Installation and usage].

If you want to upgrade your custom connector, see [Upgrading the Power BI Connector].

**To refresh your preloaded data**
1. Open your previously saved .pbix file in Power BI Desktop.
2. In Power BI Desktop, click **Home > Refresh**.

If an error occurs after refreshing your data, discard your changes to keep your data intact.

## Upgrading the Power BI Connector

If you are a new user and haven't used the custom connector yet, we strongly suggest that you follow the steps of [Installation and usage].

> You can safely upgrade to a new version of the Power BI Connector if the major version number of the new Power BI Connector does not differ from the one you are currently using. If the major version is different, we strongly suggest that you view the Breaking changes section for the new Power BI Connector on the [Releases] page.

Reviewer: I know in the [About the project] section we wrote that the Info table holds the connector version number, but if the user did not read that part, just got here straight, we should also give here a clue, where the he/she can check the current connector version.

Author: Done

Modifications to the Report Template must be listed in the appropriate sections, since they are part of the release.

## Refreshing your preloaded data

### To refresh your preloaded data
1. Open your previously saved .pbix file in Power BI Desktop.
2. In Power BI Desktop, click **Home > Refresh**.

If an error occures after refreshing your data, discard your changes to keep your data intact.

## Upgrading the Power BI Connector

If you are a new user who haven't used the custom connector yet, follow the steps of [Installation and usage].

> You can upgrade to a newer version of the connector, if the version of your SPS is in the list of supported versions on the [Releases] page. If the upgraded connector introduces breaking changes according to our [Release policy], you need to refresh your preloaded data by following the steps described in [Refresh].

Author: From the custom connector side: there is no incremental refresh, so refresh will rewrite the whole dataset, regardless of the changes.
From the report template side: a new report template must be downloaded. If they want to use an old one, then they should modify it according to the changelog. I think we need a new subchapter for the report template.

> You can upgrade to a newer version of the connector, if the version of your SPS is in the list of supported versions on the [Releases] page. If the upgraded connector introduces breaking changes according to our [Release policy], you need to refresh your preloaded data by following the steps described in [Refresh].

Reviewer: How about drawing the customer's attention first to the breaking change?

We could state here explicitly as it won't change in the future:
"... you can upgrade safely to a new connector if the major version number of the new connector does not differ from the previous. If it does, please view the Breaking changes section to be able to act upon it. ..."

Since each breaking change may require a unique way to handle it, we should rather write about the "how to handle" in the release notes in the Breaking changes section. So I don't think we need a new subchapter for the report template.

What do you think?

> You can upgrade to a newer version of the connector, if the version of your SPS is in the list of supported versions on the [Releases] page. If the upgraded connector introduces breaking changes according to our [Release policy], you need to refresh your preloaded data by following the steps described in [Refresh].

Author: Sounds good!

> You can upgrade to a newer version of the connector, if the version of your SPS is in the list of supported versions on the [Releases] page. If the upgraded connector introduces breaking changes according to our [Release policy], you need to refresh your preloaded data by following the steps described in [Refresh].

Reviewer: Done.

Modifications to the Report Template must be listed in the appropriate sections, since they are part of the release.

## Refreshing your preloaded data

### To refresh your preloaded data
1. Open your previously saved .pbix file in Power BI Desktop.
2. In Power BI Desktop, click **Home > Refresh**.

> If an error occures after refreshing your data, discard your changes to keep your data intact.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If an error occurs after refreshing your data, discard your changes to keep your data intact.
```

Author: Done

Reviewer 2: TY!

## Upgrading the Power BI Connector

> If you are a new user who haven't used the custom connector yet, follow the steps of [Installation and usage].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are a new user and haven't used the custom connector yet, we strongly suggest that you follow the steps of [Installation and usage].
```

Author: Done

Reviewer 2: TY!

> You can safely upgrade to a new version of the Power BI Connector if the major version number of the new Power BI Connector does not differ from the previous one. If it does, please view the Breaking changes section to be able to act upon it.

Reviewer: Breaking changes section. Where can the use find this section? We should put a link to the Releases page. :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: Like this?

Reviewer: No, I think it is misleading that we label a link "Breaking changes" and we point the user to the releases page. We should rather story-tell the user to go the releases page and see the breaking changes section of the appropriate release.

Author: Okay, I got it.

Reviewer: Thanks! It's okay now! :slightly_smiling_face:

> You can safely upgrade to a new version of the Power BI Connector if the major version number of the new Power BI Connector does not differ from the previous one. If it does, please view the Breaking changes section for the new Power Bi Connector on the [Releases] page to be able to act upon it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can safely upgrade to a new version of the Power BI Connector if the major version number of the new Power BI Connector does not differ from the one you are currently using. If the major version is different, we strongly suggest that you view the Breaking changes section for the new Power Bi Connector on the [Releases] page.
```

Modifications to the Report Template must be listed in the appropriate sections, since they are part of the release.

## Refreshing your preloaded data

> It is possible to refresh your previously downloaded data witout having to create a new data source.

Author: Done

> 

Author: Done

> 

Author: Done

<!-- Links -->

[About the project]: #about-the-project
[Installation and usage]: #installation-and-usage
[Common errors]: #common-errors
[Troubleshooting]: #troubleshooting
[Release policy]: #release-policy

> [Upgrade]: #to-upgrade-the-connector

Reviewer: I guess section names will be discussed with the TW team to find the best title. I don't really like the idea of starting a section name with "To".

Reviewer 2: In a nutshell: in headings (h1 or h6 level), we don't. 

In sentences that introduce procedure steps (a special kind of sentence in our documentation, with special formatting), we use the following structure: 

_**To &lt;do what the procedure is about&gt;**_ 

(Followed by procedure steps list)

Example from our related standalone guide:

**_To enable the Power BI Desktop application to use the Power BI Connector_**

a, Navigate to ...
(and so on)
 
So if the "To + infinivite" structure is in h1 or h6 headings, let's find an alternative. 
In procedure intro sentences, though, they are recommended at the very least. 

I hope this helps. :-)
